the recovery of the
derailed train to andora in January with
the skills came into play for
this operation considers
the place where the accident occurred e
then a railway track
unique in a coastal area rather
impervious and therefore with the only one
real possibility of access by sea
engineering skills that are
have been requested have been have been
characterized by an enlarged spectrum
certainly mechanical engineering for
what regards the handling and the
verification of the integrity of the media of
locomotive in particular but also
civil engineering with regards to
the evaluation of the integrity of the
railway ballast the vessels
used for lifting and
repositioning of the locomotive on the
railway station and what were the
major difficulties encountered
major difficulties consisted
in identifying the window
temporal within which to be able
to move the naval vessels that they were
the only or only chance for real
to reach the goal is therefore in
calli in calm conditions from the point
view of sea weather to be able to
move safely and also with
then the locomotive precision
reposition it correctly on the seat
train
to this must be added the fact that the
locomotive in the derailment phase
it was rather rigidly bound
with the first towed carriage and then
a further element of difficulty was
probably the separation of the
of the convoy in its two units
locomotive and first carriage which thing
normally it is done on the squares of the
railway stations but in one
altered geometry condition god
credible for the precarious was certainly
much more difficult